hello just thought I would make a quick
video just to tell you guys that I've
had a lot of good results with using
South meadow for my hair I really think
that this stuff has really helps slow
down my hair loss and I really really
encourage anybody know that's wanting to
try something to help slow down baldness
naturally to give this a shot you know
it's safe it's effective and there are
studies showing that it's more effective
than finasteride at blocking your
conversion of testosterone to
dihydrotestosterone and I've been taking
this for over a year more now and I do
believe that it does work you know
obviously more time will tell but this
is a really good supplement it's really
high potency and
it's from a good company gaia herbs is a
really good company high quality company
so I really you know strongly recommend
guy herbs and soft metal and the other
thing that I really like is this male
libido and you know I don't just take
this because I want a healthier libido
but I take it because a lot of these
herbs in here like moi ma yohimbe foti
maca starts barilla these are really
good at producing more testosterone in
your body and testosterone it actually
has a beneficial effect on your hair so
you don't want to necessarily lower the
testosterone that your body makes you
want to increase it because it has a
beneficial effect on your hair you just
don't want all of your testosterone
converting into dehydrate estas strong
that's not to say that d hydro
testosterone is bad because our body
does need some it's just you don't want
an overabundance of dehydrated faster on
circulating in your in your body because
it can attack the hair follicles on your
head especially for us who are
genetically predisposed to baldness so
this is a good formula that helps
increase that testosterone and it's just
really really good for a man to take if
you're in your 20s you know or even your
30s it's something good you know that
you should get on because it's austin
has a lot of health benefits it's what
makes a man a man and of course with all
the xenoestrogens and all these estrogen
foods people are eating today it's more
important than ever to make sure you
have a lot of just off strong because
you don't want how to become estrogen
dominant as a man and then because then
you'll start getting manboobs you know
and you'll take on come in and care
teristics and things like that so
between these two supplements you know
those are like some of my favorite for
my hair I also really liked the dragon
herbs issue whoo I take that every day
biotin b-complex vitamins you know just
everyday things that people know that
are really good for their hair is really
important and so I just wanted to make
this quick video to tell you guys that I
really do think that soft metal extract
is a really good nutrient to take to
help slow down male pattern baldness so
what's that I will see you guys later